---
title: "About"
date: "2017-11-01"
layout: "about"
menu: "main"
weight: 20
---

### Appointment

I'm an assistant professor at the [University of
Missouri](https://missouri.edu/) where I hold a joint appointment in
Journalism Studies with the [School of
Journalism](https://journalism.missouri.edu/) and [Data Science and
Analytics](https://dsa.missouri.edu/) with the [Informatics
Institute](https://muii.missouri.edu/). I teach courses in mass media,
political communication, quantitative research methods, and data
science.

### Research

My research uses computational social scientific methods to analyze
the selection and dissemination of information in digital media
environments. Broadly, I'm interested in selective exposure, new
media, data journalism, and data science.

My current work focuses on partisan selective exposure in new media
environments. In [my
dissertation](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/321493055_A_network-based_approach_to_estimating_partisanship_and_analyzing_change_in_polarization_during_the_2016_general_election),
for example, I studied user networks on Twitter during the 2016
general election. While I found clear evidence of network polarization
among partisan users, I also discovered that proximity to the
highly-contentious 2016 election had, remarkably, **no** effect on
non-partisan users, suggesting that the real gap in today's political
landscape may not be between Republicans and Democrats but, instead,
partisans and non-partisans.

### Links

My updated CV can be downloaded
[here](http://mikewk.com/cv/cv.pdf). See [my Mizzou J-School faculty
page](https://journalism.missouri.edu/staff/mike-kearney/) or find me
on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kearneymw), [Google
Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=j3EZl3MAAAAJ),
[Github](https://github.com/mkearney), and [Research
Gate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Michael_Kearney11). Also
check out the [package website](http://rtweet.info)  for `rtweet`, my R
package---available on the [Comprehensive R Archive Network
(CRAN)](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rtweet/index.html)---for
collecting and analyzing Twitter data. If you'd like to make a
contribution or report an issue with `rtweet`, see the [Github
repository](https://github.com/mkearney/rtweet).
